<!-- This document relies on some freely available Business Science IO R codes in the web. The CEO of Business Science IO is Matt Dancho, he is the creator of \texttt{tidyquant} and \texttt{timetk}, and I truly believe we can learn a lot from their publicly available data science examples in general. This private firm declares a nice motivation that I fully support: *A gap exists between the data scientist's skillset and the business objectives. Organizations are investing heavily into data science hiring because they know that artificial intelligence, machine learning, and data science are the future. However, this investment takes time to pay off because data scientists need to learn the business and understand which problems are important to focus on. This is the gap. business science has developed methodologies, tools, and techniques to overcome the gap through our consulting program. Now, business science has opened these tools up to the public as a way to accelerate the growth of these powerful data scientists. It's this data scientist empowerment that motivates us.*  -->

<!-- In this context, I think that this gap exists at the moment just as this firm declares. This gap is currently being addressed in two ways: data scientists (like engineers) are learning business, and business professionals are learning data science. I also think that this gap is far from being fully covered as researchers are producing more methods and theory, technology is putting the data science frontiers even further, there are more data than people who can analyze it, and business problems are becoming more complex. As a result, I consider we are obligated to understand business as good as we can because that is our main core, and at the same time learn data science as good as we can because that will allow us to propose innovative ways to tackle current and future business problems. This gap also represents a good reason to support constant professional training, and reveal the multidisciplinary requirements in the job market. -->
